
8
Claim:  Map shows states where all of the children… are back to living mask-free, normal lives.  
Label: barely-true 
Source: https://www.politifact.com/factchecks/2022/feb/16/instagram-posts/absence-statewide-school-mask-mandates-does-not-me/ 
 
Summary Explanation: 
  Though the majority of states do not have statewide school mask mandates, individual school districts still have mandates. 
 The absence of state mask rules has not meant a full return to pre-pandemic “normal” at school in most places.
 
Poem: 
We all want the same,
to go back to normality,
but like this claim,
that's still not the reality.

The majority of states,
do not have statewide 
school mask mandates.
However, 
individual school districts abide
since they still have mandates.

If mask rules evaporated,
that doesn't mean
normality would be stated
in most schools scene.

 --------------------- 

510
Claim:  Says Jon Ossoff wants total, blanket amnesty and he wants a total lockdown.  
Label: barely-true 
Source: https://www.politifact.com/factchecks/2020/dec/14/david-perdue/jon-ossoff-isnt-total-amnesty-backs-lockdown-only-/ 
 
Summary Explanation: 
 Democrat Jon Ossoff is challenging GOP Sen. David Perdue in one of two Jan. 5 runoff elections in Georgia that will decide which party controls the Senate.
Ossoff backs a path to legal status for immigrants in the country illegally, not “total, blanket amnesty.”
He is not seeking a lockdown to respond to COVID-19, but would support one if public health experts recommend it.
 
Poem: 
The stage is set,
the candidates are met.
Ossoff versus Perdue
Only one can win from the two,
to decide which party controls
the Senate souls.

Ossoff is on track
to legalize status for those
who found a path
that illegally into the country goes.
He didn't catch a cold,
so that total amnesty blanket you can fold.

Besides,
he's not seeking total lockdown.
He would support experts sides
If they recommend it down.


 --------------------- 

912
Claim:  Speaking of his restriction on travel from China, I had (Joe) Biden calling me xenophobic. … He called me a racist, because of the fact that he felt it was a racist thing to stop people from China coming in.  
Label: barely-true 
Source: https://www.politifact.com/factchecks/2020/mar/27/donald-trump/fact-checking-whether-biden-called-trump-xenophobi/ 
 
Summary Explanation: 
 Biden has not directly said that the restrictions were xenophobic.
Around the time the Trump administration announced the travel restriction,  Biden said that Trump had a “record of hysteria, xenophobia, and fear-mongering.”
Biden used the phrase “xenophobic” in reply to a Trump tweet about limiting entry to travelers from China and in which Trump described the coronavirus as the “Chinese virus.” 
Biden did not spell out which part of Trump’s tweet was xenophobic.
 
Poem: 
We all know that Trump
likes to say things is way.
This is just another chunk
of his manipulation clay.

Biden just said,
Trump as a record of hysteria,
as well as xenophobia,
and still has in his head,
fear-mogering,
still lingering.

Trump tweeted about
limiting the China travelers queue,
and more nonsense was spout,
when it described Covid as the Chinese Flu.

Biden replied,
"xenophobic" was used
but, it was never implied
which part of tweet was accused.

 --------------------- 

725
Claim:  [U.S. Rep. Conor Lamb] said he would NOT vote for [Nancy Pelosi] for Speaker, and did.  
Label: pants-fire 
Source: https://www.politifact.com/factchecks/2020/may/27/donald-trump/trump-said-pa-rep-conor-lamb-backed-nancy-pelosi-h/ 
 
Summary Explanation: 
 On Memorial Day, President Donald Trump attacked a Democratic congressman from western Pennsylvania, labeling him an “American fraud” and accusing of supporting Nancy Pelosi for house speaker, 
even though he had promised voters he would oppose her.
A quick search of Lamb’s voting record shows that Trump’s claim is not true. He was one of 15 Democrats in Congress who did not vote for Pelosi in the January 2019 speaker election. 
Lamb voted for U.S. Rep. Joe Kennedy III of Massachusetts instead.
It wasn’t the first time Trump made a false claim about Lamb. In March 2018, 
Trump falsely told attendees at a private fundraiser for Missouri Senate candidate Josh Hawley that Lamb “ran on a campaign that said very nice things about me.”
 
Poem: 
Well well well,
Would you look at that?
Just another claim
That has no fact.

Trump did it again,
another blatant lie.
A quick search eye
and this claim is slain.

Lamb was clear,
He didn't want Pelosi near.
So he voted for Kennedy instead,
that's the true you need to spread.

 --------------------- 

967
Claim:  On key issues including taxes, health care, the Green New Deal, abortion, and guns, there is no daylight between Bernie Sanders and Joe Biden.  
Label: half-true 
Source: https://www.politifact.com/factchecks/2020/mar/10/republican-national-committee-republican/there-no-daylight-between-joe-biden-and-bernie-san/ 
 
Summary Explanation: 
  The Republican National Committee’s email accurately portrays the policy similarities between Biden and Sanders on several issues,
 including abortion, the Green New Deal, the death penalty, an assault-weapons ban, and detention of undocumented immigrants.
 However, the email overlooks notable differences between Biden and Sanders on other issues,
 including tax policy, free college tuition, and two aspects of their health insurance plan. 
It also incorrectly describes the position of both candidates on reparations for slavery.
 
Poem: 
The Republican National Committee’s email
sure is fast to portray similarities
but actually becames a snail
when it comes to disparities.

Although half of it is true,
Biden and Sanders are not in the same crew.
They differ on tax policy and free college tuition,
as well as two aspects of their health insurance plan.
So its wrong to say they are on the same mission
when they are two different minded man.

 --------------------- 
