56
Claim:  Mask mandates on children lead to learning loss that harms early childhood development.  
Label: barely-true 
Source: https://www.politifact.com/factchecks/2022/jan/19/scott-fitzgerald/lawmakers-claim-mask-mandates-harm-early-childhood/ 

Summary Explanation: 
 Public health officials pointed out the article cited as support was “not a study but an opinion paper.”
According to the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, limited available data indicates “no clear evidence that masking impairs emotional or language development in children.”

Poem: 

COVID hit everyone by surprise,
And we masked up from sunset to sunrise.
Everywhere children would turn,
they could never see mouths.

Parents were worried their development would be stunted,
But there's no evidence such a thing has happened...
Only biased opinion papers on the matter. 

 --------------------- 

972
Claim:  Coronavirus Hoax: Fake Virus Pandemic Fabricated to Cover-Up Global Outbreak of 5G Syndrome.  
Label: false 
Source: https://www.politifact.com/factchecks/2020/mar/09/facebook-posts/no-evidence-coronavirus-was-faked-cover-5g-syndrom/ 

Summary Explanation: 
 No credible evidence has emerged to show that the current coronavirus spreading around the world was fabricated.
The best evidence is that the virus originated in an animal and spread to humans.

Poem: 

People always want to appear
Smarter than their peers.
Distrust and fear
Fill their ears.
The pandemic sounds scary, but it must be fake!
The 5G waves are the real headache!

Nothing further from the truth,
Because the virus came from animals,
And spread to our old and youth.

 --------------------- 

642
Claim:  The United Nations’ new world order agenda will create one world government with one world military and the end of national sovereignty.  
Label: false 
Source: https://www.politifact.com/factchecks/2020/jul/24/viral-image/facebook-post-distorts-uns-sustainable-development/ 

Summary Explanation: 
 A spokesperson at the U.N. confirmed the photo in the Facebook post was fake.
The document depicted in the photo references two action plans from the U.N., but distorts the substance of those plans.  ​

Poem: 

The New World Order is a dangerous thing,
because the end of national sovereignity it would bring.
Photos were distorted,
And "danger!" people shouted.

But the reality is often more boring...
Since members of U.N signing unrelated papers
Is no reason to worry.

 --------------------- 

783
Claim:  North Carolina’s health department is telling hospitals that if they decide to do elective surgeries, they won’t be eligible to receive (protective equipment) from the state.  
Label: false 
Source: https://www.politifact.com/factchecks/2020/may/08/warren-daniel/no-evidence-mandy-cohen-threatened-withhold-ppe-nc/ 

Summary Explanation: 
 The legislator says he got his information from a representative for the NC Healthcare Association.
The NCHA rep says she heard about the potential ultimatum from a health department staffer, who she declined to identify.
The health department denies Daniel's claim and says the NCHA's rep likely misunderstood their staffer. Hospitals told PolitiFact they never heard of the alleged plan.

Poem:

Healthcare is a touchy subject,
Plenty of people get nervous.
Lawmwakers are not excluded,
But their claims should be funded.

Hospitals performing elective surgeries
Can still receive protective equipment,
Because procedures are procedures,
And equipment is unrelated.

 --------------------- 

422
Claim:  In rejecting his amendment, Democrats voted to send reopening money to schools that refuse to reopen.  
Label: half-true 
Source: https://www.politifact.com/factchecks/2021/mar/09/marco-rubio/rubio-takes-democratic-school-reopening-vote-out-c/ 

Summary Explanation: 
 Schools would get funds under the American Rescue Plan Act regardless of whether they have fully reopened.
A mix of factors drive school reopening decisions, such as the needs of students and local infection rates, and schools occasionally change course depending on circumstances.
The COVID relief bill funds a wide range of school actions, from immediate steps to prevent viral spread to remedial education to longer term building ventilation upgrades.

Poem: 

There are many people at a school,
So the coronavirus spreads easily.
Sometimes schools need to close,
To contain this spread.

It's not a matter of choice, but a matter of safety,
So helping money will still be given,
As it's used for activities when the school is open.

 --------------------- 
