
542
Claim:  When Sen. Kelly Loeffler heard about the COVID-19 risk, she focused on her own portfolio and profited from the pandemic.  
Label: half-true 
Source: https://www.politifact.com/factchecks/2020/oct/31/raphael-warnock/fact-checking-raphael-warnocks-claim-georgia-sen-k/ 
 
Summary Explanation: 
 Loeffler, a GOP Georgia senator, benefited from stock transactions she made beginning on the same day she received a private 
briefing for senators early in the COVID-19 outbreak. 
Some stock purchases were in companies poised to see increased business because of the virus.
A Senate Ethics Committee investigation found no evidence she broke laws or Senate rules. She said she did not direct the trades herself.
After an outcry over the transactions, Loeffler said that she sold all her individual stock holdings and that she incurred losses as a result.
 
Poem: 
Being in the right place, 
at the right time
can get you first in the race
and earn you some dime.

Loeffler likes trading,
but still has a job to do.
She didn't focus on making
her portofolio "boom".

However,
Transactions were made,
Even though she didn't direct,
And after the trade,
Money in the pocket was set.

No laws were broken
or Senate rules
but with an outcry spoken,
she lost all her jewels.

 --------------------- 

130
Claim:  The Biden administration inherited gains of 50,000 jobs a month. We re now finally back to 500,000 jobs a month. 
We inherited a country where 4,000 people a day were dying from Covid. That s now down 75%.  
Label: half-true 
Source: https://www.politifact.com/factchecks/2021/nov/10/ron-klain/ron-klain-exaggerates-improvements-employment-coro/ 
 
Summary Explanation: 
  The Biden administration can trumpet improvements in both employment and the coronavirus pandemic, but Klain’s numbers are off. 
 The average monthly job gains under Biden are almost twice as big as they were late in the Trump administration, but not 10 times bigger, as Klain suggested. 
 The rate of coronavirus deaths has fallen by 61%, not 75%, on Biden’s watch.
 
Poem: 
Improvements were made,
Employment up a grade,
Pandemic numbers in a faze,
Biden administration deserves a praise.

But,
Not all violets are blue,
Klain's numbers are not true.
Biden's numbers might have grew
but Trump actually did something too.

The gains are only twice as big.
You can't compare a log to a twig,
So there's a lot to do
before ten times becomes true.

Although rates have fall,
they are not such a big haul.
Sixty-one is the reality
Not the Seventy-Five plea.

 --------------------- 

418
Claim:  Vitamin D, vitamin C, colloidal silver and black seed oil can kill the coronavirus.  
Label: false 
Source: https://www.politifact.com/factchecks/2021/mar/11/instagram-posts/theres-no-scientific-evidence-support-these-supple/ 
 
Summary Explanation: 
 While research has been mixed on the benefits of some supplements in treating or preventing COVID-19, there is no scientific evidence to support the claim that they can kill the coronavirus.
 
Poem: 
A recipe was made,
Vitamin C,
Colloidal silver sprayed,
Vitamin D,
Black seed oil weighed,
Mix it free,
and the Coronavirus is slayed.

But,
Like potions from witchcraft,
there's no evidence of their results.
Scientist don't support this art,
this is straight out of cults.

 --------------------- 

317
Claim:  Emails show that Fauci knew hydroxychloroquine worked [and] emailed friends about it being effective.  
Label: false 
Source: https://www.politifact.com/factchecks/2021/jun/15/facebook-posts/no-faucis-emails-dont-prove-he-knew-hydroxychloroq/ 
 
Summary Explanation: 
 In his emails, Fauci acknowledged the existence of anecdotal evidence claiming hydroxychloroquine's effectiveness 
against COVID-19 
but never endorsed it himself and said he was waiting for results from a clinical trial for any definitive proof.
The clinical trial ended last June after researchers found the drug provided no additional benefit in 
treating the virus.
 
Poem:
Hydroxychloroquine seems to be
the new fashion around.
Everyone wants some tea,
like a solution was found.

Fauci realized, 
acnedotal evidence was around,
so he didn't compromised
until definitive proof was found.

June came around,
and so the clinical trial end.
Fauci ain't no clown,
no additional benefit the drug lend.

 --------------------- 

968
Claim:  Says Nancy Pelosi delayed coronavirus funding so Dems could campaign on it.  
Label: barely-true 
Source: https://www.politifact.com/factchecks/2020/mar/10/blog-posting/fact-checking-claims-pelosi-held-coronavirus-aid/ 
 
Summary Explanation: 
 President Donald Trump signed an $8.3 billion emergency spending bill to address the coronavirus on March 6.
The bill was held up as both Republicans and Democrats negotiated over controlling the cost of vaccines and treatments.
There is no evidence House Speaker Nancy Pelosi delayed the bill solely to run political ads.
 
Poem:
In this game of chess, 
Trump signed an emergency bill
so that coronavirus would be adress,
and the numbers stopped climbing the hill.

However,
The bill was held up,
negotiations were taking place
on how they should breakup,
the costs of such embrace.

No evidence was found,
that Pelosi delayed it for campaign.
Dems and Reps were all around,
discussing the bill pain.

 --------------------- 
