
163
Claim:  COVID-19 surges among most vaxxed communities, says Harvard study.  
Label: half-true 
Source: https://www.politifact.com/factchecks/2021/oct/19/youtube-videos/harvard-study-found-vaccinations-alone-arent-enoug/ 
 
Summary Explanation: 
 A study led by a Harvard researcher found high rates of infection in communities with high rates of vaccination.
It concluded that prevention measures such as handwashing, safe distancing and testing should be employed along with vaccinations to fight the epidemic.
 
Poem: 
If COVID-19 knocks on your door,
vaccines will open it wide.
But once it comes inside,
With it they'll wipe the floor.

Even if you are vaccinated,
you can get infected.
Handwashing shouldn't be neglected
and safe distancing calculated.

 --------------------- 

352
Claim:  For vaccine rates among Americans 65 and older, there’s virtually no difference between white, Black, Hispanic, Asian American.  
Label: false 
Source: https://www.politifact.com/factchecks/2021/may/11/joe-biden/biden-boasts-about-equitable-senior-covid-19-vacci/ 
 
Summary Explanation: 
 Biden has claimed multiple times that the Covid-19 vaccination rate for people 65 and older is equal between white people and people of color. 
But there is no available data that supports his claim.
Only select states track vaccination data based on both race/ethnicity and age, and most of that data shows disparities continue.
National data of all ages also indicates that white people are being vaccinated at higher rates than people of color.
 
Poem: 
Equality between race
needs to be achieved.
This claim sure has grace,
but should not be believed.

Only select states
track data based on race and age,
and when we look at the rates,
disparity takes the stage.

On the national point of view,
data of all ages indicates
that the white people crew
gets vaccinated at higer rates
than their fellow color mates.

 --------------------- 

235
Claim:  80% of women who have been jabbed have lost their children in the first trimester.  
Label: false 
Source: https://www.politifact.com/factchecks/2021/aug/24/facebook-posts/claim-about-covid-19-vaccines-and-miscarriages-bas/ 
 
Summary Explanation: 
 A claim made in a viral school board meeting video appears to parrot a false claim that manipulated the findings of a preliminary study.
There is no evidence to back the claim that 80% of COVID-19-vaccinated women miscarried during their first trimester of pregnancy.
A CDC analysis did not find an increased risk of miscarriage among nearly 2,500 pregnant women who received an mRNA COVID-19 vaccine before 20 weeks of pregnancy.
 
Poem: 
Studies that are preliminary,
are targetted by manipulation.
Lies are easy to carry,
when there's no foundation.

No increased risk was found,
on a nearly 2,500 women set.
So, if vaccinated you get,
no miscarriage risk is bound.

 --------------------- 

Claim:  The New York City Police Department arrested a 9-year-old because she didn’t have a vaccine card in the museum. 
Label: false
Date: 15/2
Summary:
 The 9-year-old was not arrested. She was escorted to the police station in a separate car from those who were arrested — a group which included her mother — and cared for by police officers until her mother was released. 
 The adults were arrested and charged with trespassing because they would not leave the museum after it closed.

Poem:
Kids like to fool around
making jokes and pranks,
but they are not robbing banks
in a museum, goons ain't found.

This kid was escorted
to the police station,
there she was supported
and cared with attention.

She ended up there,
because mom was in a group
that police arrested fair.
The museum floor needs to be swoop
Time's over for photos and stare.

COVID-19 or card vaccine,
have no part in this.
Manipulation is no sin,
but trespassing is.

 --------------------- 

Claim:  Prairie State power plant is the cleanest coal-fired power plant in the nation. 
Label: pants-fire
Date: 27/6/2021
Summary:
Experts pointed to multiple metrics by which to compare how "clean" coal plants are, but federal data shows Prairie State did not come out at or near the top on any of them.

Poem:
Dirty is coal,
we want none of that
cleaning it is the goal
that humanity has set.

Experts have told
multiple metrics to compare
how clean are these coal
power plants aware.

However,
Federal data shows
that Prairie State
doens't deserve any bows.

The truth is,
the plant did not come out at the top
in fact this,
is nothing more than a claim flop.

 --------------------- 
