Write me a poem for a given summary taking into account the claim and the label 

Claim:  80% of women who have been jabbed have lost their children in the first trimester.  
Label: false 
Summary Explanation: 
 A claim made in a viral school board meeting video appears to parrot a false claim that manipulated the findings of a preliminary study.
There is no evidence to back the claim that 80% of COVID-19-vaccinated women miscarried during their first trimester of pregnancy.
A CDC analysis did not find an increased risk of miscarriage among nearly 2,500 pregnant women who received an mRNA COVID-19 vaccine before 20 weeks of pregnancy.
 
Poem: 
 Studies that are preliminary,
are targetted by manipulation.
Lies are easy to carry,
when there's no foundation.

No increased risk was found,
on a nearly 2,500 women set.
So, if vaccinated you get,
no miscarriage risk is bound. 


Claim:  Photo that shows COVID-19 test swabs labeled positive and negative proves that the tests are fixed.  
Label: false 
Summary Explanation: 
 An image that shows a COVID-19 testing kit with control swabs labeled “positive” and “negative” is legitimate, but it doesn’t prove that COVID-19 tests are pre-loaded with a result. The swabs are used for quality control to make sure the test is working correctly, not for patient testing.
Control materials are routinely included in medical testing kits to ensure that the tests are performing as expected and recording the correct results.
 
Poem: 
 All of these people with their misinformation
Must be the truth if its an image on the screen
Affecting our generation
They should stop making a scene

Professionals work hard
Safeguarding the test quality
So you dont have to be on guard
Concerning its funcionality 


Claim:  There will be several thousand dollars in payments going to families with six-figure incomes who’ve had no income interruption whatsoever.  
Label: true 
Summary Explanation: 
 Sen. Pat Toomey this week criticized President Joe Biden’s proposed $1.9 trillion coronavirus relief package, saying the direct payments Biden wants to send Americans are poorly targeted to those most in need.
Married couples making up to $150,000 annually would qualify for $2,800 in new payments, on top of the $1,200 they should have received this month from the relief package then-President Donald Trump signed into law late last year.
Together, those payments would total $2,000 per person — the target Democrats in Congress set, Trump made a late and unsuccessful push for, and that Biden is now pursuing from the White House.
 
Poem: 
 Biden wants to relief the american pockets.
though it might end up on already filled ones.
Married couples get the benefits
and the ones who need it wont get the funds. 


Claim:  People are starting to enter ERs with fungal lung infections from wearing masks!!  
Label: false 
Summary Explanation: 
 A Facebook post claims people are checking into ERs due to fungal lung infections caused by wearing masks meant to prevent COVID-19.
Regional, statewide and national emergency physician groups say they haven't seen any reports to support this.
Health experts say there’s no evidence that wearing standard masks, such as surgical masks or ones made of fabric, is harmful to the general public.
Experts recommend wearing face coverings to slow the coronavirus.
They also say it’s important to wash your hands and to wash reusable masks regularly.
 
Poem: 
 Imagine using a mask and getting infected
Not because of Corona 
But because of stupidity collected
Welcome to the Facebook personna.

Going back to common sense
Health experts claim theres no reason to worry,
These posts come in major offence
And your hands shouldn't be dirty 


Claim:  The survival rate for COVID-19 is over 99% for most age groups.  
Label: false 
Summary Explanation: 
 Most people who contract COVID-19 will not die, though an individual should not weigh their own chances of death by looking at national statistics.
The delta variant has lowered the effectiveness of the vaccines, although researchers aren't exactly sure to what extent.
 
Poem: 
 I got 99 problems,
and your survival-rate ain't one.
Want to weight your chanches?
National statistics ain't the plan.

New variants adapt,
vaccines effectiveness is snapped, 
Researchers try to set up trap,
but they don't know how big is the wrap. 


Claim:  Says Gov. Tony Evers is pushing firearm confiscation orders  
Label: pants-fire 
Summary Explanation: 
 A Facebook post finding new life amid the coronavirus outbreak says Evers is pushing gun confiscation, but the linked article is from April 2019.
At that time, Evers hadn’t proposed any such thing, and the article only details a call for red flag laws from the attorney general.
So what was wrong in 2019 is now both wrong and ridiculous.
 
Poem: 
 News Feed lies happen every time.
No gun confiscation then, no gun confiscation now.
But, please, do! it’s worth every dime.
Such a red flag, how is this still allowed? 


Claim:  Says Sen. Thom Tillis doesn’t think restaurant workers should have to wash their hands.  
Label: false 
Summary Explanation: 
 A new television ad by Majority Forward PAC says U.S. Sen. Thom Tillis (R-NC) “doesn’t think restaurant workers should have to wash their hands.”
The ad doesn't provide context for the comments, which Tillis made in 2015.
Tillis was making a point about regulations, not offering his opinion on whether workers should wash their hands.
 
Poem: 
 A simple twist of words
Not something we should look towards
Warps the intentions
With no consistent mentions

Tillis gave his toughts
without any knots
He would be fine in the morning
wit at least a proper warning 


Claim:  Prairie State power plant is the cleanest coal-fired power plant in the nation.  
Label: pants-fire 
Summary Explanation: 
 Experts pointed to multiple metrics by which to compare how "clean" coal plants are, but federal data shows Prairie State did not come out at or near the top on any of them.
 
Poem: 
 Dirty is coal,
we want none of that
cleaning it is the goal
that humanity has set.

Experts have told
multiple metrics to compare
how clean are these coal
power plants aware.

However,
Federal data shows
that Prairie State
doens't deserve any bows.

The truth is,
the plant did not come out at the top
in fact this,
is nothing more than a claim flop. 


Claim:  21% of people are having serious adverse events from (the Moderna) vaccine.  
Label: false 
Summary Explanation: 
 Moderna’s data shows that 0.5% of people had a serious adverse reaction.
 
Poem: 
 With everything being so unstable
We must be careful of misinformation
Since its so propagable
And can light up a nation

False news have been spread
That one fifth of the Moderna vacinated were unwell
But the readers were misled
Only 1 in 200 that was the nutshell. 


Claim:  The New York City Police Department arrested a 9-year-old because she didn’t have a vaccine card in the museum.  
Label: false 
Summary Explanation: 
  The 9-year-old was not arrested. She was escorted to the police station in a separate car from those who were arrested — a group which included her mother — and cared for by police officers until her mother was released. 
 The adults were arrested and charged with trespassing because they would not leave the museum after it closed.
 
Poem: 
 Kids like to fool around
making jokes and pranks,
but they are not robbing banks
in a museum, goons ain't found.

This kid was escorted
to the police station,
there she was supported
and cared with attention.

She ended up there,
because mom was in a group
that police arrested fair.
The museum floor needs to be swoop
Time's over for photos and stare.

COVID-19 or card vaccine,
have no part in this.
Manipulation is no sin,
but trespassing is. 


Claim:  The second booster has eight strains of HIV.  
Label: pants-fire 
Summary Explanation: 
  The ingredients of COVID-19 vaccines are published and do not include HIV.
 The vaccine ingredients do not change between doses. Each shot in the mRNA COVID-19 vaccine series, including the booster, has the same ingredients. 
 
Poem: 
 Every food has recipes,
precious holy grails,
Vaccines fight enemies,
who run off with their tails.

You don't change instructions,
just because the dose is new.
We already made the introductions,
why would HIV be in queue? 


Claim:  Clearly, the Obama administration did not leave any kind of game plan for something like this.  
Label: pants-fire 
Summary Explanation: 
 Numerous Obama administration officials dismissed this statement. Ronald Klain, who was Obama’s Ebola response coordinator, tweeted a link to the plan.
Kayleigh McEnany, White House press secretary for President Donald Trump, held up a hard copy of the Obama “pandemic playbook” during a May 14 press availability on the White House lawn.
 
Poem: 
 Obama did leave a plan,
Numerous administrations dismiss the statement.
Watch out for who you stan
and what one does for entertainment.  


Claim:  Says truck drivers are being turned away from fast-food restaurants during the COVID-19 pandemic.  
Label: mostly-true 
Summary Explanation: 
 Truck drivers are having issues getting meals at some fast-food chains with shuttered dining rooms. Their rigs can’t fit in drive-thru lanes and they aren’t allowed to walk up and order at the window.
McDonald’s responded to complaints and created a curbside trucker ordering service at some of its locations.
Other fast-food chains haven’t yet implemented a solution.
 
Poem: 
 Truck drivers can't go and order some fries
but it's not what your're thinking, at all!
It's just that the trucks are too big in size
and the drive-through windows are just too small!

But McDonalds is granting truckers a wish:
They are bulding taller windows
for the truckers to enjoy their filet-o-fish.
A solution is coming, as it shows. 


Claim:  Dr. Fauci: No reason to be wearing a mask.  
Label: barely-true 
Summary Explanation: 
 An old video of Dr. Anthony Fauci saying that people don’t need to wear face masks was taken out of context.
Since April, the CDC has recommended face coverings to prevent the spread of COVID-19, and Fauci has pushed for their use as well.
 
Poem: 
 A recent video displays the acclaimed doctor Fauci
Speaking against masks, stating
"No reason to be wearing mask"
But taking things out of context is frustating

The mentioned video was from 4 months ago
When the pandemic wasn't such a deathblow
Since then masks are advisable
Therefore the label of barely-true is assignable. 


Claim:  Video suggests Dr. Anthony Fauci said vaccines don’t protect against COVID-19.  
Label: false 
Summary Explanation: 
  The video shows real clips of Dr. Anthony Fauci, but misleading voiceovers have been added.
 Some confusion stems from Fauci’s distinction between the disease, COVID-19, and the SARS-CoV-2 virus, which causes the disease.
 Research shows that the COVID-19 vaccines are effective at protecting people from getting the disease, but it is still unclear whether or not the vaccines will prevent people from becoming infected with the SARS-CoV-2 virus and transmitting it to others.
 
Poem: 
 Don´t let the voiceovers get you mislead,
Dr. Fauci has been very clear.
The vaccines don't seem to stop the spread,
They just help you not getting sick, so don´t be in fear. 


Claim:  For vaccine rates among Americans 65 and older, there’s virtually no difference between white, Black, Hispanic, Asian American.  
Label: false 
Summary Explanation: 
 Biden has claimed multiple times that the Covid-19 vaccination rate for people 65 and older is equal between white people and people of color. But there is no available data that supports his claim.
Only select states track vaccination data based on both race/ethnicity and age, and most of that data shows disparities continue.
National data of all ages also indicates that white people are being vaccinated at higher rates than people of color.
 
Poem: 
 Equality between race
needs to be achieved.
This claim sure has grace,
but should not be believed.

Only select states
track data based on race and age,
and when we look at the rates,
disparity takes the stage.

On the national point of view,
data of all ages indicates
that the white people crew
gets vaccinated at higer rates
than their fellow color mates. 


Claim:  COVID-19 surges among most vaxxed communities, says Harvard study.  
Label: half-true 
Summary Explanation: 
 A study led by a Harvard researcher found high rates of infection in communities with high rates of vaccination.
It concluded that prevention measures such as handwashing, safe distancing and testing should be employed along with vaccinations to fight the epidemic.
 
Poem: 
 If COVID-19 knocks on your door,
vaccines will open it wide.
But once it comes inside,
With it they'll wipe the floor.

Even if you are vaccinated,
you can get infected.
Handwashing shouldn't be neglected
and safe distancing calculated. 


Claim:  Research illustrates a clear correlation between vitamin D deficiencies and (higher) COVID-19 mortality rates.  
Label: true 
Summary Explanation: 
 U.S. Rep. Glenn Grothman touted a correlation between vitamin D deficiencies and COVID-19 deaths, suggesting the supplement may help combat the virus.
Early research verifies that correlation, but more work needs to be done.
Grothman emphasized that point and didn’t imply vitamin D is a cure for COVID-19.
 
Poem: 
 From the moment we are born
Our doctors and mothers say
You should eat fruits and vegetables 
Including oranges

There is a clear correlation 
Between COVID deaths 
And lack of proper D vitamination
Along with more tests 


Claim:  North Carolina is in the small minority of states that requires an absentee ballot to be signed two witnesses or a notary public.  
Label: true 
Summary Explanation: 
 Jay Chaudhuri and Natasha Marcus, North Carolina state Senators, want to make it easier for people to vote absentee by mail.
In an op-ed, they claim that NC is in the "small minority" of states that require two witnesses to sign an absentee ballot.
That's true. NC is one of only three states that require the ballots to be signed by two witnesses if a notary isn't available.
 
Poem: 
 Nobody likes
The COVID pandemic.
To know that you don't have to be
A brilliant academic.

But it's hard to not get infected with
The COVID pandemic
When you can't absentee vote
Because the process is very bureaucratic.

Two of the NC senators
Want to make it easier
"Let's vote like almost every other state!", they say
So the process can be breezier. 


Claim:  The (Erie Co., N.Y.) health commissioner makes more than the governor, the vice president of the United States, and has a salary that is comparable to Dr. Anthony Fauci.  
Label: mostly-true 
Summary Explanation: 
 Dr. Gale Burstein’s compensation, when factoring in fringe benefits, reached $532,418 in 2020 due to a special overtime rule enacted during the coronavirus pandemic.
Burstein’s combination of salary, benefits, and overtime in 2020 exceeded the easily classifiable compensation for Pence, Fauci and Gov. Cuomo.
However, Cuomo and Pence receive housing, transportation, and security benefits that are large but hard to quantify, and if these benefits are added into the calculation, they likely exceed what Burstein received.
 
Poem: