Claim: Since 2000, the Department of Defense and the Department of Energy have been spraying the entire United States sky with the toxic brew of chemicals and other biologic agents.
Label: Pants on fire!
Source: https://www.politifact.com/factchecks/2022/feb/02/facebook-posts/claim-us-government-spraying-toxic-brew-chemicals-/

Summary:
So-called “chemtrails” are not real, according to atmospheric chemists and geochemists. 

The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency says it is not aware of any deliberate release of chemicals or biological agents into the atmosphere, and the U.S. Air Force says the theory is a hoax. 

Poem:
The decade began 
and so, their work on the US land,
spreading througth the sky like bumblebees,
their toxic chemicals and other biologic agents polen,
in a gentle breeze.


But don't worry about the next showers, 
nothing is going to happen to the flowers,
just remember to wear sunscreen,
was all just a big lie,
our atmosphere is squeaky clean!

-------------------------

Claim: The second booster has eight strains of HIV.
Label: Pants on Fire!
Source: https://www.politifact.com/factchecks/2022/feb/14/facebook-posts/covid-19-vaccines-do-not-contain-hiv/

Summary:
The ingredients of COVID-19 vaccines are published and do not include HIV.

The vaccine ingredients do not change between doses. Each shot in the mRNA COVID-19 vaccine series, including the booster, has the same ingredients. 

Poem:
Every food has recipes,
precious holy grails,
Vaccines fight enemies,
who run off with their tails.

You don't change instructions,
just because the dose is new.
We already made the introductions,
why would HIV be in queue?

----------------------

Claim: COVID cases in India plummet after government promotes ivermectin and hydroxychloroquine use.
Label: Mostly False
Source: https://www.politifact.com/factchecks/2021/may/21/gateway-pundit/no-proof-drugs-not-approved-us-covid-19-caused-dro/

Summary:
On April 28, India’s government recommended hydroxychloroquine as a preventive medicine for people who are near patients in home isolation who have mild or no COVID-19 symptoms, and suggested the use of ivermectin to treat those patients.

Neither drug is approved in the U.S. for COVID-19. The U.S. Food and Drug Administration and the World Health Organization recommend against using them to prevent or to treat the virus.

COVID-19 cases in India began to drop in mid-May after a nearly vertical spike over the previous several weeks.

Poem:
Reality in true,
is not everything you see.
Dropping, the cases began to,
Who knows, maybe because of the tea.

Hydroxy and Ivermectin,
Neither is approved by WHO,
taking them is like a sin,
which you'll regret in time due.

----------------------

Claim: Says Joe Biden risks war with Russia because Vladimir Putin doesn’t “believe in transgender rights."
Label: Pants on Fire!
Source: https://www.politifact.com/factchecks/2022/feb/21/jd-vance/jd-vance-says-transgender-rights-drives-looming-co/

Summary:
Ohio Senate candidate JD Vance said the State Department’s focus on transgender rights is inflaming the conflict with Russia in Ukraine.
Russia has placed as many as 150,000 troops near Ukraine’s borders.
Russia has said Ukraine’s ties to NATO are a key threat to Russia’s national security.

Poem:
Nato is a threat for Putin, 
almost as transgenders are for JD Vance.
150,000 troops near the borders?
it’s fair to assume one in charge has a disorder.
Transgender or cisgender,
doesn’t define an offender. 
Biden claims Ukraine’s safety,
Putin’s heart only knows obscurity. 

------------------------

Claim: The war in Ukraine is “scripted and staged.”
Label: Pants on Fire!
Source: https://www.politifact.com/factchecks/2022/mar/04/facebook-posts/evidence-russias-war-ukraine-plentiful-and-proves-/

Summary:
News reports, testimonies of citizens-turned-fighters, and a swift global response all fly in the face of baseless claims that Russia’s war on Ukraine is “staged.”

Poem:
Open your eyes,
There’s no place like home.
Ukraine cries,
Russia lies,
Citizens wish to roam.
The inexperienced fighters blood spills like cherry wine,
“scripted and staged” scream hypocrisy,
We want Putin to resign
And give them a real democracy. 

------------------------

Claim: "Ukraine was the No. 1 donor to Hillary Clinton when she was running for president.”
Label: False
Source: https://www.politifact.com/factchecks/2022/feb/22/marjorie-taylor-greene/marjorie-taylor-greene-falsely-claims-ukraine-was-/

Summary:
Hillary Clinton’s 2016 presidential campaign did not report receiving any donations from the Ukrainian government or Ukrainian nationals. Those donations would have been illegal.
A spokesperson for Marjorie Taylor Greene cited a 2015 Wall Street Journal graphic that has been frequently misrepresented online. The chart shows donations to the Clinton Foundation between 1999 and 2014 by the nationality of the individuals who made them; it does not say anything about donations to the foundation by foreign governments. 
The Clinton Foundation said it has never received donations from Ukraine’s government.

Poem:
In 2016, Hillary ran for president,
No reports of donations from Ukraine were evident.
Those donations would’ve been illegal,
Truthful reports would’ve been a miracle.
Graphics misrepresented,
Can affect one’s reputation,
Clinton Foundation received individual donations
Never from Ukraine’s government,
That was an incident.

------------------------

Claim:  President Joe Biden gave Congress an exemption from vaccine mandate  
Label: false 
Source: https://www.politifact.com/factchecks/2022/jan/25/facebook-posts/biden-didnt-exempt-congress-vaccine-mandate-he-sim/ 
 
Summary Explanation: 
 President Biden’s executive order mandating COVID-19 vaccines for federal workers applies only to those in the executive branch of government.
Congress is in the legislative branch, one of three separate but equal branches.
“Another way to think about it is that members of Congress work directly for the people, not for President Biden,” a law expert told PolitiFact.
 
Poem: 
Like many things in life
Outside elements are causing strife
It only takes one good look
To see it has been mistook

Biden spoke to his staff
Not to congress legislation
But to the other half
It is simply the way of a nation

------------------------

Claim:  OSHA says masks don t work to reduce COVID-19 transmission and violate OSHA oxygen levels.  
Label: false 
Source: https://www.politifact.com/factchecks/2020/jun/25/facebook-posts/no-osha-does-not-say-masks-dont-work-against-covid/ 
 
Summary Explanation: 
 OSHA recommends that masks be worn to help slow the spread of COVID-19.
Masks aren’t a cure to prevent spread of COVID-19, experts say. But they are an effective tool in slowing transmission.
 
Poem: 
OSHA doesn't know
About the masked people oxygen levels,
But if it is certain of anything
It's how to fight these respiratory virus devils.

OSHA has confirmed: masks may slow it, 
But they alone won't cease the COVID-19 transmission!
To stop you from infecting your loved ones,
That's the masks real mission.

 --------------------- 

Claim:  President Trump has come into contact with a potential coronavirus sufferer!  
Label: barely-true 
Source: https://www.politifact.com/factchecks/2020/mar/10/facebook-posts/headline-ignores-evidence-overstating-trumps-expos/ 
 
Summary: 
 There is no evidence President Donald Trump came into direct contact with a coronavirus sufferer.
Trump shook hands at a conference with Matt Schlapp, chairman of the American Conservative Union and Conservative Political Action Conference.
Schlapp days earlier had had contact with a man who has been confirmed to have the coronavirus.
Schlapp reportedly has no symptoms.
 
Poem: 
Can't men shake each other's hands in peace,
before anyone starts panicking about covid?
Schlapp sure is healthy and the contact was safe.
Is this the worst thing Trump ever did?

 --------------------- 

Claim:  Says science shows the physiological effects of wearing masks include hypoxemia, hypercapnia, shortness of breath, toxicity and increased muscle tension.  
Label: false 
Source: https://www.politifact.com/factchecks/2021/apr/16/diamond-and-silk/medical-hypotheses-journal-article-lacks-evidence-/ 
 
Summary Explanation: 
 The journal cited in the post, Medical Hypotheses, says its purpose is to publish “theoretical papers."
Claims about ill effects from mask wearing such as hypoxemia and hypercapnia, which are listed in the article, have been debunked.
 
Poem: 

A new journal claims to support the truth
But of science there is only the name
Medical Hypotheses as it is called
Decided that masks were to blame
For almost everything, only short of being slewth

Hypoxemia, hypercamia and shortness of breath
Acompanied by toxicity and increased muscle tension
Were all linked to mask wear
For this false allegation the journal deserves detention

 --------------------- 

Claim:  Says Joni Ernst claims she ‘pushed for’ new funding for hospitals and COVID-19 testing after opposing It for weeks.  
Label: half-true 
Source: https://www.politifact.com/factchecks/2020/may/21/iowa-democratic-party/did-joni-ernst-flip-her-position-health-care-fundi/ 
 
Summary Explanation: 
 Democrats and Republicans were at loggerheads in April over whether to sandwich more funding for hospitals and testing with dollars for the Paycheck Protection Program as money ran out for the federal small business loan program.
Sen. Joni Ernst, R-Iowa pivoted in messaging, initially criticizing efforts to include any add-ons to replenish the Paycheck Protection Program, 
but later said she pushed for hospital and COVID-19 testing that was included in replenishing the PPE funds.
 
Poem: 
The Democrats claim Ernst reversed
While she didn't directly oposse
Fundings for Covid-19 testing she dispersed
Saying it would be later discussed.

Republicans are red 
Democrats are blue,
Joni Ernst may have flipped her position
While playing with omission

 --------------------- 