23/12/2021 
Claim:  Polar bears have increased 400% in 45 years; whales are nearly fully recovered; extinctions are down 90% past century. Koalas are doing fine. If we could ban wind turbines we could save 85,000 birds of prey/yr in US alone.  
Label: false 
Summary Explanation: 
 Global estimates of the polar bear population show either a modest decline or virtually no change. Before 1973 they were at threat of being over-hunted, and today they face climate change and ice loss.
Whale populations are not close to recovering fully. Experts said their numbers will never return to what they once were before whale hunting was regulated. Today, they face both climate change and other manmade threats.
Experts and scientific data show that koalas are vulnerable due to elevated carbon dioxide levels, predatory animals, bush fires and more.
 
Poem: 
Whales and koalas are doing fine,
Polar bears have taken over the ice again,
increasing their population, postponing their deadlines
lets pop out the champaingn!

HAHAHA, keep dreaming!
Polar bears keep on declining,
whales will never be the same,
koalas face new and deadly challenges 
created by man and the climate change.


 ------------------------

10/12/2021 
Claim:  Canada joins the no jab, no food trend  
Label: barely-true 
Summary Explanation: 
  A single province in Canada, New Brunswick, gave retail and grocery stores the option to either enforce physical 
distancing or request proof of vaccination against COVID-19. Grocery stores are not required to ask for proof of 
vaccination. 
 One of two major grocery store chains in Canada said its stores would not require proof of vaccination. 

 
Poem: 
 no jab, no food.
If you want to buy our products,
go take your vaccines,
and comeback with proof.

Canadians must folow this rule,
but only the ones living in new brunswick,
so if you didnt get the vaccine, 
go get it, quick!

------------------------

04/08/2021 
Claim:  Ivermectin caused a substantial decrease in the excess mortality rate in Mexico.  
Label: false 
Summary Explanation: 
 We did not find any credible data showing a causal relationship between administering ivermectin and its overall effect on the COVID-19 excess mortality rate in Mexico.
A maker of ivermectin said in February that it does not believe that available data support the safety and efficacy of ivermectin for the treatment of COVID-19.  The World Health Organization in March also said that data from known trials using ivermectin were inconclusive and recommended against the use of the drug for treating COVID-19 except in clinical settings.
 
Poem: 
we found the cure!
death can be avoided, rest assured.
Covid has nothing on Ivermectin
and you don't have to stab your skin.

This affirmationn lacks crdebility,
data doesn't support it's effectiveness or safety.
The WHO recommend against it,
take the vaccine and get over with it.

 --------------------
15/07/2021 
Claim:  Carbon dioxide is not a problem. The Earth has more than enough land and ocean plant life to metabolize it.  
Label: false 
Summary Explanation: 
  Carbon dioxide levels in the atmosphere have reached record highs. 
 Build-up of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere is an indicator that plants and the oceans can't absorb fossil-fuel waste fast enough. 
 Absorbing excess carbon dioxide is harmful to oceans and sea life because it increases acid levels in the water. 
 
Poem: 
C02 is not a problem,
land and ocean plants got it!
They're more than enought, trust them
they can consume all of it.

Plants work, but not fast enougth,
and for sea life, is specially tought. 
therefore, this information is deceiving,
Don't believe it, levels of C02 keep on increasing.


-------------------


29/07/2021 
Claim:  Ethylene oxide used in COVID-19 testing swabs literally changes the structure of the building blocks of your own body.  
Label: false 
Summary Explanation: 
 Ethylene oxide gas is used to sterilize around half of the medical equipment that is used across the United States. The equipment is then aerated so that any residual ethylene oxide can be released and dissipate.
The gas is a known carcinogen and can cause health issues if a person is exposed to a high concentration, but any trace amounts of ethylene oxide on a cotton swab would not be enough to cause harm or change a person’s DNA.
 
Poem: 
Cells are the building blocks for our body,
anything that may affect them, must be avoided.
chemicals in covid swabs change cells structure, literally
therefore, swabs must be destrioded.

Is true that Ethylene is a threat to our health,
and may cause death,
But only when it's concentration is generous
which doesn't apply to cotton swabs,
proving that they aren't dangerouse.

-------------------

Date: 21/05/2020 
Claim:  The novel coronavirus was man-made.  
Label: false 
Source: https://www.politifact.com/factchecks/2020/may/21/kimberly-lightford/no-novel-coronavirus-was-not-man-made/ 
 
Summary Explanation: 
 Illinois Senate Majority Leader Kimberly Lightford said the novel coronavirus was "man-made."
Research shows the genetic features of the virus rule out the possibility it was created or manipulated in a lab.
In response to our inquiry, Lightford acknowledged she had no evidence to back up her statement.
 
Poem: 

congratulations!
one more successful man-made production.
the new novel live action adaptation called, " coronavirus",
is being streamed worldwide, and it's sure to suprise all of us.

These  news come directly from illinois to us,
they point humans as the creators.
however, it is nature that olds all the copyrigths,
mankind can not take the credits. 

-----------------

Date: 27/08/2021 
Claim:  It would cost $20 billion to end homelessness in the U.S. and halting global warming would cost $300 billion.  
Label: barely-true 
Source: https://www.politifact.com/factchecks/2021/aug/27/facebook-posts/no-consensus-cost-ending-homelessness-us-or-haltin/ 
 
Summary Explanation: 
 It would likely cost significantly more than $20 billion to house America’s homeless population, after factoring in the expansion of the federal housing voucher program and affordable housing development.
Since models to predict the cost of fighting climate change rely on many different assumptions, estimates vary widely. However, $300 billion is on the very low end of the spectrum. ​
 
Poem:
For 20 billion dolars 
we can end with homelessness in tha USA.
as for global warming problems
would take 300 bilions to make them go away.


Now, lets use our common sense
to house America’s homeless population
surely it would take more than 20 billion, 
significaly more, not just a few cents.

As for the cost of fighting climate change 
it rely on many different assumptions,
but the 300 billion don't fall into the price range.

----------------

Date: 18/09/2020 
Claim:  Bill Gates says you don t have a choice to be vaccinated or not.  
Label: false 
Source: https://www.politifact.com/factchecks/2020/sep/18/youtube-videos/youtube-video-takes-bill-gates-out-context-coronav/ 
 
Summary Explanation: 
  Video cuts out the question Gates was responding to and the first part of his answer to make it seem as if he supports mandatory coronavirus vaccinations. ​
 
Poem: 
media loves to play with words 
wheter by using funny metaphors,
or simpply making some dissaper,
everything they can do 
to make it seeam what they want to .

for example,
Implying that bill gates supports mandatory vaccinations,
just by cutting some words out of context in the situation.
You see, in reality, it migth no be true,
but it does repays with alot of views.

 ------------------------

01/07/2020 
Claim:  Four kids who took the coronavirus vaccine died immediately.  
Label: false 
Summary Explanation: 
  There is no evidence that children have died because of a COVID-19 vaccine.
 No vaccine currently in development has been approved for widespread public use.
 There is no evidence the vaccines in development will contain microchips.
 
Poem: 
 To convince people not to take the vaccine,
you need to make people less serene,
death is the scariest argument,
more so if kids are the ones taking the punishment.

But, don´t go spreading the lies,
your life won't be compromise.
Vaccines are not the enemy,
they won't contain microchips nor are they deadly.


 ------------------------
06/11/2020 
Claim:  West Virginia is near last in the U.S. rankings of education, clean drinking water, and child mortality.  
Label: mostly-true 
Summary Explanation: 
  In standard federal government rankings of drinking water quality and child mortality, West Virginia ranks among the bottom five states.
 The state also ranked no higher than ninth from the bottom in several common math and reading tests for the National Assessment of Educational Progress.
 However, a measure of the state’s high-school graduation rate shows West Virginia among the nation’s best.
 
Poem: 
 As their water lowers its quality
more of the children die because of it,
and don´t get me started on ther education tho,
there's no suprise on them ranking so low.

Be it in math or in letters,
tests don´t sow any successes,
However, there's something good to be addressed,
something they qualify as the nation's best,
in results they migth not be great,
but at least most of them do graduate.