
732
Claim:  Says Joni Ernst claims she ‘pushed for’ new funding for hospitals and COVID-19 testing after opposing It for weeks.  
Label: half-true 
Source: https://www.politifact.com/factchecks/2020/may/21/iowa-democratic-party/did-joni-ernst-flip-her-position-health-care-fundi/ 
 
Summary Explanation: 
 Democrats and Republicans were at loggerheads in April over whether to sandwich more funding for hospitals and testing with dollars for the Paycheck Protection Program as money ran out for the federal small business loan program.
Sen. Joni Ernst, R-Iowa pivoted in messaging, initially criticizing efforts to include any add-ons to replenish the Paycheck Protection Program, 
but later said she pushed for hospital and COVID-19 testing that was included in replenishing the PPE funds.
 
Poem: 
The Democrats claim Ernst reversed
While she didn't directly oposse
Fundings for Covid-19 testing she dispersed
Saying it would be later discussed.

Republicans are red 
Democrats are blue,
Joni Ernst may have flipped her position
While playing with omission


 --------------------- 

771
Claim:  Technology coming to Virginia allows COVID-19 personal protection equipment to be decontaminated and reused 20 times without degrading performance.  
Label: half-true 
Source: https://www.politifact.com/factchecks/2020/may/12/ralph-northam/can-n95-masks-be-sterilized-20-times-no-degradatio/ 
 
Summary Explanation: 
 nan 
Poem: 
Masks require decontamination 
And so Northman came with salvation
Twenty times they can be reused
This statement could be confused.

While this process can be effective
Its use should also be selective
Manufactors later advised
That mask's structure may be compromised



 --------------------- 

671
Claim:  People are starting to enter ERs with fungal lung infections from wearing masks!!  
Label: false 
Source: https://www.politifact.com/factchecks/2020/jul/06/facebook-posts/mask-wearing-causing-fungal-lung-infections-no-ano/ 
 
Summary Explanation: 
 A Facebook post claims people are checking into ERs due to fungal lung infections caused by wearing masks meant to prevent COVID-19.
Regional, statewide and national emergency physician groups say they haven't seen any reports to support this.
Health experts say there’s no evidence that wearing standard masks, such as surgical masks or ones made of fabric, is harmful to the general public.
Experts recommend wearing face coverings to slow the coronavirus.
They also say it’s important to wash your hands and to wash reusable masks regularly.
 
Poem: 
Imagine using a mask and getting infected
Not because of Corona 
But because of stupidity collected
Welcome to the Facebook personna.

Going back to common sense
Health experts claim theres no reason to worry,
These posts come in major offence
And your hands shouldn't be dirty
 
 --------------------- 

774
Claim:  Young people have a greater chance of being killed the HPV vaccine than COVID-19.  
Label: pants-fire 
Source: https://www.politifact.com/factchecks/2020/may/12/jeff-shipley/covid-19-vs-hpv-vaccine-covid-more-deadly/ 
 
Summary Explanation: 
 State Rep. Jeff Shipley wrote that young people have a higher risk of dying from the HPV vaccination than of COVID-19. No deaths have ever been linked to the HPV vaccine.
While young people are less at risk of dying of COVID-19 than older adults, some younger people have died from the virus.
 
Poem: 
Jeff Shipley wrote a tweet
Merely meant to start a discussion
It lacked sources in concrete
Regarding the young generation

He claimed the HPV vaccine for them
Is more dangerous than Coronavirus 
This statement is nothing but dumb
As no HPV needle ever claimed a life 


 --------------------- 

708
Claim:  Research illustrates a clear correlation between vitamin D deficiencies and (higher) COVID-19 mortality rates.  
Label: true 
Source: https://www.politifact.com/factchecks/2020/jun/08/glenn-grothman/glenn-grothman-target-about-tie-between-vitamin-d-/ 
 
Summary Explanation: 
 U.S. Rep. Glenn Grothman touted a correlation between vitamin D deficiencies and COVID-19 deaths, suggesting the supplement may help combat the virus.
Early research verifies that correlation, but more work needs to be done.
Grothman emphasized that point and didn’t imply vitamin D is a cure for COVID-19.
 
Poem: 
From the moment we are born
Our doctors and mothers say
You should eat fruits and vegetables 
Including oranges

There is a clear correlation 
Between COVID deaths 
And lack of proper D vitamination
Along with more tests
 --------------------- 
