UKRAINE-RUSSIA WAR

-------------------------

Claim: Russia has never attacked anyone throughout its history.
Label: Pants on Fire!
Source: https://www.politifact.com/factchecks/2022/feb/21/dmitry-peskov/russian-spokesmans-statement-ignores-centuries-rus/

Summary:
Historians cite upwards of a dozen examples dating back to the 1500s in which Russia or the Soviet Union attacked another country without being militarily attacked first. 
Russia may offer various justifications for why it attacked another country in these instances, but each of these examples involved militarily unprovoked actions by Russia or the Soviet Union. 

Poem:
Soviet Union or Russia,
the tale is old as time. 
Historians carry examples,
Russians justifications
But all we see is crime.
Justifications filled with temptations, 
military attacks cause obliterations.

------------------------

Claim: Says Joe Biden risks war with Russia because Vladimir Putin doesn’t “believe in transgender rights."
Label: Pants on Fire!
Source: https://www.politifact.com/factchecks/2022/feb/21/jd-vance/jd-vance-says-transgender-rights-drives-looming-co/

Summary:
Ohio Senate candidate JD Vance said the State Department’s focus on transgender rights is inflaming the conflict with Russia in Ukraine.
Russia has placed as many as 150,000 troops near Ukraine’s borders.
Russia has said Ukraine’s ties to NATO are a key threat to Russia’s national security.

Poem:
Nato is a threat for Putin, 
almost as transgenders are for JD Vance.
150,000 troops near the borders?
it’s fair to assume one in charge has a disorder.
Transgender or cisgender,
doesn’t define an offender. 
Biden claims Ukraine’s safety,
Putin’s heart only knows obscurity. 

------------------------

Claim: The war in Ukraine is “scripted and staged.”
Label: Pants on Fire!
Source: https://www.politifact.com/factchecks/2022/mar/04/facebook-posts/evidence-russias-war-ukraine-plentiful-and-proves-/

Summary:
News reports, testimonies of citizens-turned-fighters, and a swift global response all fly in the face of baseless claims that Russia’s war on Ukraine is “staged.”

Poem:
Open your eyes,
There’s no place like home.
Ukraine cries,
Russia lies,
Citizens wish to roam.
The inexperienced fighters blood spills like cherry wine,
“scripted and staged” scream hypocrisy,
We want Putin to resign
And give them a real democracy. 

------------------------

Claim: "Ukraine was the No. 1 donor to Hillary Clinton when she was running for president.”
Label: False
Source: https://www.politifact.com/factchecks/2022/feb/22/marjorie-taylor-greene/marjorie-taylor-greene-falsely-claims-ukraine-was-/

Summary:
Hillary Clinton’s 2016 presidential campaign did not report receiving any donations from the Ukrainian government or Ukrainian nationals. Those donations would have been illegal.
A spokesperson for Marjorie Taylor Greene cited a 2015 Wall Street Journal graphic that has been frequently misrepresented online. The chart shows donations to the Clinton Foundation between 1999 and 2014 by the nationality of the individuals who made them; it does not say anything about donations to the foundation by foreign governments. 
The Clinton Foundation said it has never received donations from Ukraine’s government.

Poem:
In 2016, Hillary ran for president,
No reports of donations from Ukraine were evident.
Those donations would’ve been illegal,
Truthful reports would’ve been a miracle.
Graphics misrepresented,
Can affect one’s reputation,
Clinton Foundation received individual donations
Never from Ukraine’s government,
That was an incident.

------------------------

Claim: Ethnic Russians face “genocide perpetrated by the Kyiv regime.”
Label: False
Source: https://www.politifact.com/factchecks/2022/feb/25/vladimir-putin/putin-repeats-long-running-claim-genocide-ukraine/

Summary:
Despite multiple claims of a Ukrainian genocide against ethnic Russians, there is no evidence to support it.
International bodies that include Russian representatives report that civilian deaths have plummeted since 2014.
Russia’s ambassador to the U.S. relied on misleading and outdated evidence to back the claim.

Poem:
No evidence, no case,
Claims are made to incriminate.
Russia’s Ambassador was mislead, 
Those reports weren’t going to succeed.
Since 2014 deaths decreased,
There’s no genocide,
Russia just lied.

------------------------