Write me a poem for a given summary taking into account the claim and the label     Claim: The US has made strides in reducing carbon emissions that other parts of the world have not.   Label: true   Summary Explanation:    When it comes to greenhouse gas emissions, the United States has made progress, decreasing emissions 8.2% from 2010 to 2019.   Among other  top emitters, Brazil made the most progress for that time period, with an emission decrease of 31.3%, but is now on the rise.   But China and India saw major increases, of 25.4% and 36.6% respectively.   Poem:    Co2, our little “Frienemy”,  you and the other greenhouse gases  need to leave, desperately!    The US set an example for once,  decreasing their emissions 8.2%  Brazil follows their example, but are struggling with the maintenance,  while China and India counter the occident.       Claim:  Taxpayers spent $70,000,000 to develop this drug ( remdesivir).    Label: true   Summary Explanation:    When the drug that would come to be known as remdesivir was identified as a possible treatment for the Ebola virus, the Department of Defense paid Gilead to develop it, to the tune of $34.5 million today  A $6 million grant from the National Institutes of Health was awarded to researchers at the University of North Carolina to speed the development of remdesivir  NIH also sunk $30 million into the clinical trial to observe how remdesivir acted against COVID-19 earlier this spring  Both the Department of Defense and NIH are federal agencies whose budgets stem from tax dollars     Poem:    The US has made a huge leap in reducing its carbon footprint, but the world is still waiting for the US to do the same.   The world needs to see the US do the same.   The world needs to see the US do the same.   The world needs to see the US do the same.   The world needs to see the US do the same.   The world needs to see the US do the same.   The world needs to see the US do the same.   The world needs to see the US do the same.   The world needs to see the US do the same.   The world needs to see the US do the same.   The world needs to see the US do the same.   The world needs to see the US do the same.   The world needs to see the US do the same.   The world needs to see the US do the same.   The world needs to see the US do the same.   The world needs to see the US do the same.   The world needs to see the US do the same.   The world needs to see the US do the same.   The world needs to see the US do the same.   The world needs to see the US do the same.   The world needs to see the US do the same.   The world needs to see the US do the same.   The world needs to see the US do the same.   The world needs to see the US do the same.   The world needs to see the US do the same.   The world needs to see the US do the same.   The world needs to see the US do the same.   The world needs to see the US do the same.   The world needs to see the US do the same.   The world needs to see the US do the same.   The world needs to see the US do the same.   The world needs to see the US do the same.   The world needs to see the US do the same.   The world needs to see the US do the same.   The world needs to see the US do the same.   The world needs to see the US do the same.   The world needs to see the US do the same.   The world needs to see the US do the same.   The world needs to see the US do the same.   The world needs to see the US do the same.   The world needs to see the US do the same.   The world needs to see the US do the same.   The world needs to see the US do the same.   The world needs to see the US do the same.   The world needs to see the US do the same.   The world needs to see the US do the same.   The world needs to see the US do the same.   The world needs to see the US do the same.   The world needs to see the US do the same.   The world needs to see the US do the same.   The world needs to see the US do the same.   The world needs to see the US do the same.   The world needs to see the US do the same.   The world needs to see the US do the same.   The world needs to see the US do the same.   The world needs to see the US do the same.   The world needs to see the US do the same.   The world needs to see the US do the same.   The world needs to see the US do the same.   The world needs to see the US do the same.   The world needs to see the US do the same.   The world needs to see the US do the same.   The world needs to see the US do the same.   The world needs to see the US do the same.   The world needs to see the US do the same.   The world needs to see the US do the same.   The world needs to see the US do the same.   The world needs to see the US do the same.   The world needs to see the US do the same.   The world needs to see the US do the same.   The world needs to see the US do the same.   The world needs to see the US do the same.   The world needs to see the US do the same.   The world needs to see the US do the same.   The world needs to see the US do the same.   The world needs to see the US do the same.   The world needs to see the US do the same.   The world needs to see the US do the same.   The world needs to see the US do the same.   The world needs to see the US do the same.   The world needs to see the US do the same.   The world needs to see the US do the same.   The world needs to see the US do the same.   The world needs to see the US do the same.   The world needs to see the US do the same.   The world needs to see the US do the same.   The world needs to see the US do the same.   The world needs to see the US do the same.   The world needs to see the US do the same.   The world needs to see the US do the same.   The world needs to see the US do the same.   The world needs to see the US do the same.   The world needs to see the US do the same.   The world needs to see the US do the same.   The world needs to see the US do the same.   The world needs to see the US do the same.   The world needs to see the US do the same.   The world needs to see the US do the same.   The world needs to see the US do the same.   The world needs to see the US do the same.   The world needs to see the US do the same.   The world needs to see the US do the same.   The world needs to see the US do the same.   The world needs to see the US do the same.   The world needs to see the US do the same.   The world needs to see the US do the same.   The world needs to see the US do the same.   The world needs to see the US do the same.   The world needs to see the US do the same.   The world needs to see the US do the same.   The world needs to see the US do the same.   The world needs to see the US do the same.   The world needs to see the US do the same.   The world needs to see the US do the same.   The world needs to see the US do the same.   The world needs to see the US do the same.   The world needs to see the US do the same.   The world needs to see the US do the same.   The world needs to see the US do the same.   The world needs to see the US do the same.   The world needs to see the US do the same.   The world needs to see the US do the same.   The world needs to see the US do the same.   The world needs to see the US do the same.   The world needs to see the US do the same.   The world needs to see the US do the same.   The world needs to see the US do the same.   The world needs to see the US do the same.   The world needs to see the US do the same.   The world needs to see the US do the same.   The world needs to see the US do the same.   The world needs to see the US do the same.   The world needs to see the US do the same.   The world needs to see the US do the same.   The world needs to see the US do the same.   The world needs to see the US do the same.   The world needs to see the US do the same.   The world needs to see the US do the same.   The world needs to see the US do the same.   The world needs to see the US do the same.   The world needs to see the US do the same.   The world needs to see the US do the same.   The world needs to see the US do the same.   The world needs to see the US do the same.   The world needs to see the US do the same.   The world needs to see the US do the same.   The world needs to see the US do the same.   The world needs to see the US do the same.   The world needs to see the US do the same.   The world needs to see