Write me a poem for a given summary taking into account the claim and the label     Claim:  The second booster has eight
 strains of HIV.    Label: pants-fire   Summary Explanation:     The ingredients of COVID-19 vaccines are published and
do not include HIV.   The vaccine ingredients do not change between doses. Each shot in the mRNA COVID-19 vaccine series
, including the booster, has the same ingredients.      Poem:    Every food has recipes,  precious holy grails,  Vaccine
s fight enemies,  who run off with their tails.    You don't change instructions,  just because the dose is new.  We alr
eady made the introductions,  why would HIV be in queue?       Claim: Ukraine was the No. 1 donor to Hillary Clinton whe
n she was running for president.     Label: false   Summary Explanation:    Hillary Clinton’s 2016 presidential campaign
 did not report receiving any donations from the Ukrainian government or Ukrainian nationals. Those donations would have
 been illegal.  A spokesperson for Marjorie Taylor Greene cited a 2015 Wall Street Journal graphic that has been frequen
tly misrepresented online. The chart shows donations to the Clinton Foundation between 1999 and 2014 by the nationality
of the individuals who made them; it does not say anything about donations to the foundation by foreign governments.   T
he Clinton Foundation said it has never received donations from Ukraine’s government.   Poem:    In 2016, Hillary ran fo
r president,  No reports of donations from Ukraine were evident.  Those donations would’ve been illegal,  Truthful repor
ts would’ve been a miracle.  Graphics misrepresented,  Can affect one’s reputation,  Clinton Foundation received individ
ual donations  Never from Ukraine’s government,  That was an incident.       Claim: Says Joe Biden risks war with Russia
 because Vladimir Putin doesn’t “believe in transgender rights.“   Label: pants-fire   Summary Explanation:    Ohio Sena
te candidate JD Vance said the State Department’s focus on transgender rights is inflaming the conflict with Russia in U
kraine.  Russia has placed as many as 150,000 troops near Ukraine’s borders.  Russia has said Ukraine’s ties to NATO are
 a key threat to Russia’s national security.   Poem:    Nato is a threat for Putin,   almost as transgenders are for JD
Vance.  150,000 troops near the borders?  it’s fair to assume one in charge has a disorder.  Transgender or cisgender,
doesn’t define an offender.   Biden claims Ukraine’s safety,  Putin’s heart only knows obscurity.       Claim:  Map show
s states where all of the children… are back to living mask-free, normal lives.    Label: barely-true   Summary Explanat
ion:     Though the majority of states do not have statewide school mask mandates, individual school districts still hav
e mandates.    The absence of state mask rules has not meant a full return to pre-pandemic “normal” at school in most pl
aces.     Poem:    We all want the same,  to go back to normality,  but like this claim,  that's still not the reality.
   The majority of states,  do not have statewide   school mask mandates.  However,   individual school districts abide
 since they still have mandates.    If mask rules evaporated,  that doesn't mean  normality would be stated  in most sch
ools scene.       Claim:  Children are almost immune from this disease.    Label: false   Summary Explanation:    Childr
en represent about 7.3% of COVID-19 cases in the U.S and less than 0.1% of deaths, according to the CDC.  Many children
were not exposed to the virus as much as adults because schools shut down nationwide in March.  Research in other countr
ies that reopened schools shows children can catch COVID-19.     

Poem:    Children are almost immune from this disease,
 They are not as vulnerable as adults,  They are not as vulnerable as adults,  They are not as vulnerable as adults.
   Claim:  The virus is spreading in the U.S. because of the lack of mask-wearing.   Label: pants-fire   Summary Explana
tion:    The CDC says the virus is spreading in the U.S. because of the lack of mask-wearing.  The CDC says the virus is
 spreading in the U.S. because of the lack of mask-wearing.  The CDC says the virus is spreading in the U.S. because of
the lack of mask-wearing.  The CDC says the virus is spreading in the U.S. because of the lack of mask-wearing.  The CDC
 says the virus is spreading in the U.S. because of the lack of mask-wearing.  The CDC says the virus is spreading in th
e U.S. because of the lack of mask-wearing.  The CDC says the virus is spreading in the U.S. because of the lack of mask
-wearing.  The CDC says the virus is spreading in the U.S. because of the lack of mask-wearing.  The CDC says the virus
is spreading in the U.S. because of the lack of mask-wearing.  The CDC says the virus is spreading in the U.S. because o
f the lack of mask-wearing.  The CDC says the virus is spreading in the U.S. because of the lack of mask-wearing.  The C
DC says the virus is spreading in the U.S. because of the lack of mask-wearing.  The CDC says the virus is spreading in
the U.S. because of the lack of mask-wearing.  The CDC says the virus is spreading in the U.S. because of the lack of ma
sk-wearing.  The CDC says the virus is spreading in the U.S. because of the lack of mask-wearing.  The CDC says the viru
s is spreading in the U.S. because of the lack of mask-wearing.  The CDC says the virus is spreading in the U.S. because
 of the lack of mask-wearing.  The CDC says the virus is spreading in the U.S. because of the lack of mask-wearing.  The
 CDC says the virus is spreading in the U.S. because of the lack of mask-wearing.  The CDC says the virus is spreading i
n the U.S. because of the lack of mask-wearing.  The CDC says the virus is spreading in the U.S. because of the lack of
mask-wearing.  The CDC says the virus is spreading in the U.S. because of the lack of mask-wearing.  The CDC says the vi
rus is spreading in the U.S. because of the lack of mask-wearing.  The CDC says the virus is spreading in the U.S. becau
se of the lack of mask-wearing.  The CDC says the virus is spreading in the U.S. because of the lack of mask-wearing.  T
he CDC says the virus is spreading in the U.S. because of the lack of mask-wearing.  The CDC says the virus is spreading
 in the U.S. because of the lack of mask-wearing.  The CDC says the virus is spreading in the U.S. because of the lack o
f mask-wearing.  The CDC says the virus is spreading in the U.S. because of the lack of mask-wearing.  The CDC says the
virus is spreading in the U.S. because of the lack of mask-wearing.  The CDC says the virus is spreading in the U.S. bec
ause of the lack of mask-wearing.  The CDC says the virus is spreading in the U.S. because of the lack of mask-wearing.
 The CDC says the virus is spreading in the U.S. because of the lack of mask-wearing.  The CDC says the virus is spreadi
ng in the U.S. because of the lack of mask-wearing.  The CDC says the virus is spreading in the U.S. because of the lack
 of mask-wearing.  The CDC says the virus is spreading in the U.S. because of the lack of mask-wearing.  The CDC says th
e virus is spreading in the U.S. because of the lack of mask-wearing.  The CDC says the virus is spreading in the U.S. b
ecause of the lack of mask-wearing.  The CDC says the virus is spreading in the U.S. because of the lack of mask-wearing
.  The CDC says the virus is spreading in the U.S. because of the lack of mask-wearing.  The CDC says the virus is sprea
ding in the U.S. because of the lack of mask-wearing.  The CDC says the virus is spreading in the U.S. because of the la
ck of mask-wearing.  The CDC says the virus is spreading in the U.S. because of the lack of mask-wearing.  The CDC says
the virus is spreading in the U.S. because of the lack of mask-wearing.  The CDC says the virus is spreading in the U.S.
 because of the lack of mask-wearing.  The CDC says the virus is spreading in the U.S. because of the lack of mask-weari
ng.  The CDC says the virus is spreading in the U.S. because of the lack of mask-wearing.  The CDC says the virus is spr
eading in the U.S. because of the lack of mask-wearing.  The CDC says the virus is spreading in the U.S. because of the
lack of mask-wearing.  The CDC says the virus is spreading in the U.S. because of the lack of mask-wearing.  The CDC say
s the virus is spreading in the U.S. because of the lack of mask-wearing.  The CDC says the virus is spreading in the U.
S. because of the lack of mask-wearing.  The CDC says the virus